(Do you remember the pool scene from ‘Love Cherry Motion’ MV?)
(But the reality is…)
MV Director: Can you go in the pool now?
HaSeul & YeoJin: Sure!
(After the raining, the filming restarted…)
(But it seems they don’t like playing pool…)
YeoJin: It's not working the way I want!
HaSeul: But actually I'm really scared of water...
(HaSeul has both a fear of bird and water…)
Choerry: I won't do that!
(Time to dive!)
(YeoJin & Choerry are diving into the water without any hesitation!)
(But with help from the tube, HaSeul also succeeded!)
(The filming is under way anyway…)
Kim Lip: I like water…
Kim Lip: That looks fun… I wish I could join them…
‘MV shooting in Iceland and diving into the water.
Which one is more difficult for you?’
HaSeul: I think diving is more…
HaSeul: But it’s not bad...
HaSeul: Because I think I’ve overcome a fear of water slightly…